const MinutesData = [
    // {
    //     id: "09-2018",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "September",
    //         day: "6th",
    //         year: "2018"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "Pres. Ken Sime called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
    //         "The minutes of the April meeting were read by Sec. Sharon Hauser.  Minutes were approved and accepted.",
    //         "Treasurer, Maria Renda, reported a balance of $269.77 as of April 1, 2018.  Additional income of $27 from the 50/50 drawing leaving a balance of $296.77 on April 30th. The Treasurer’s report was approved and accepted."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "Ken reported on AAHMO and recommended that all residents join at AAHMO.org. Residents can join for $60 for 2 years if joining by Nov.",
    //         "It was suggested that there continues to be a problem with Management parking golf carts around fountain at night. Issue will again be brought to management.",
    //         "It was requested that minutes of meeting be put on web site."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "Pauline Werner reported that the next Neighborhood Watch Pot Luck dinner will be Sat. Nov. 3rd from 6 to 7 in the card rooms. Pauline will be moving and requested that someone take over her responsibilities."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "A resident requested that the Bocca Ball courts should receive more attention as they are not being taken care of.",
    //         "A resident asked why the Residents meeting is not published in the Thesman newspaper.",
    //         "He also requested that an article on Volunteers who go above and beyond be recognized each month in the paper.",
    //         "It was reported that there are several instances of the guards at the Ellsworth gate not getting up and waving residents in. Residents reported not be able to see if the guard waves them on through.",
    //         "During a discussion of the duties of the Board, it was recommended that residents contact Kerrin, in the construction office, with complaints/issues or write directly to Mr. Thesman in the California office. It was also suggested that residents can go directly to locate county or city agencies with issues of concern.",
    //         "All issues will be brought before Management.",
    //         "The meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "October 4th, 2018",
    //     submittedBy: ""
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "10-2018",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "October",
    //         day: "4th",
    //         year: "2018"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "Pres. Ken Sime called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
    //         "The minutes of the September meeting were read by Sec. Sharon Hauser. Minutes were approved and accepted.",
    //         "Treasurer, Maria Renda, reported a balance of $296.77 as of September 6, 2018. No additional income or expenses leaving a balance of $296.77 on Sept. 30th. The Treasurer's report was approved and accepted.",

    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "2nd VP Tom Belson reported on AAHMO and recommended that all residents join at AAHMO.org. Residents can join for $60 for 2 years if joining by Nov.",
    //         "Pres. Sime reported on unfinished business from previous meeting. It was requested that minutes of meeting be put on web site which has been done with a request to have minutes included in Theisman newspaper.",
    //         "The issue of Management parking golf carts around fountain at night is being addressed by Karen. And she assured us that it has and will be addressed in the future. Karen will be attending all Board of Directors meeting and address all concerns from Residents at meeting.",
    //         "It was announced that the Bocce Ball courts repairs will be put in the budget for next year.",
    //         "We are trying to get minutes published in Theisman newspaper but because of printing costs we don't know if it will be possible.",
    //         "As for publishing any article on Volunteers activities being in newspaper Pres. Sime said the newspaper is used to promote Thesman properties. It is not the residents paper.",
    //         "As to the issue of the guards not standing and waving residents through, it was suggested that everyone come to a complete stop and proceed on if guard is not visible.",
    //         "There was a question of the key pads at Ellsworth and two side gates and how to use them. Each resident is issued a code and should use that code with either a 0 at Ellsworth gate or # for side gates. If you do not know your code please contact Karen and she will get a code for you. Please do not give your code anyone.",
    //         "There is a chain of commend for those Residents who have issues and that is all issues must be taken to Karen. If you want to talk with Kerrin, VP of Operations, you must go to Karen first and make a request to speak with Kerrin."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "A complaint was made that street signs are difficult to read. They can not be painted and Board will take the issue to Karen.",
    //         "Residents have been getting an email from Karen that is spam. Residents should not open under any circumstance but immediately delete. Thesman is aware and are working on the issue."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "A Resident wondered if the electrical boxes in yards could be painted. Some are very rusty.",
    //         "A Resident asked if stripping on 1st. Street would be completed and if fallen trees would be replaced.",
    //         "Pres. Sime told Residents that the board is short of people and need Residents to step up and help our community. A Block Watch person is also needed.",
    //         "All issues will be brought before Management.",
    //         "The meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "November 1st, 2018",
    //     submittedBy: ""
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "11-2018",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "November",
    //         day: "1st",
    //         year: "2018"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "In the absence of Pres. Ken Sime, Sec. Sharon Hauser called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
    //         "The minutes of the September meeting were read by Sec. Sharon Hauser. Minutes were approved and accepted.",
    //         "Treasurer, Maria Renda, reported a balance of $296.77with no additional income or expenses leaving a balance of $296.77 on Oct. 30th. The Treasurer’s report was approved and accepted.",
    //         "2nd VP Tom Belson reported on AAHMO and recommended that all residents join at AAHMO.org. Residents can join for $60 for 2 years if joining by the end of Nov. Tom also reported on our wed site changes and the need for Residents to join in the 50/50 drawing to generate more money for continuing the wed site.",
    //         "Block Watch chair person, Pauline Werner reported that the next G.A.I.N. potluck will be held on Sat. Nov. 3 at 6:pm in the card rooms."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "Sec. Sharon Hauser reported on unfinished business from previous meeting and the Boards meeting with Karen: Street signs will remain as they are according to Karen, the email issue is being addressed by Thesman office in CA.",
    //         "As to the electrical boxes in need of new paint, Residents should notify SRP/Century Link.",
    //         "There was further discussion on the email spam issue. Residents are encouraged to not open any email that does not have a subject listed in the email."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "The lights on trees will not be re-installed according to Karen as the tree trimmers have a problem with them during tree trimming. They have instead installed spot lights.",
    //         "The dog park has been reseeded and has re opened.",
    //         "Landscape Dept. is in charge of stripping and trees on 1st. They have been notified."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "The question was asked if landscapers are required to have a license and insurance.",
    //         "A Resident asked when the printer in the computer room would be fixed and if all computers could be connected to the printer.",
    //         "There was further discussion on the email spam issue. Residents are encouraged to not open any email that does not have a subject listed in the email.",
    //         "A Resident brought up the issue again about advertising sign on Ellsworth. It was noted that the for sale amount has increased from 50,000 to 70,000.",
    //         "All new issues will be brought before Management.",
    //         "The meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "December 6th, 2018",
    //     submittedBy: ""
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "12-2018",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "December",
    //         day: "6th",
    //         year: "2018"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "Pres. Ken Sime called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
    //         "The minutes of the November meeting were read by Sec. Sharon Hauser.  Minutes were approved and accepted.",
    //         "Treasurer, Maria Renda, reported a balance of $296.77 with no income or expenses.  The Treasurer’s report was approved and accepted."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "Block Watch chair person, Pauline Werner, reported that the G.A.I.N. potluck was held on Sat. Nov. 3 with several police, fire and EMT’s from City of Mesa attending.",
    //         "Pauline reported that Cal Andweiler would be taking her position in Jan."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "He reported that management met with the Board to discuss the issue of the Recycling problems. The Board was told that residents have until the end of Dec. and at that time the bins will be removed.",
    //         "Ken reported that one of the problems is over filling and contamination of waste products and that one solution is to have volunteers monitor the bins during the hours available.",
    //         "Another possible solution is to have Orientation or a flyer for new residents explaining what can and cannot be recycled.",
    //         "It was reported that the City of Mesa has a new Hazardous Waste site and there is not charge. Residents are urged to go to City of Mesa web site for instructions.",
    //         "Another suggestion was for Thesman to issue a statement in writing on clarification of what can and cannot be placed in bins. There seems to be a lot of confusion on this. Another suggest was for Residents to use their personal code to have access to recycle area. It was suggested that City of Mesa put a large reflective sign on front of bin."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "It was requested that a item be put in paper stating where to take recycle items.  It was reported that Tim Most will pick up almost any item.",
    //         "It was requested that Management make it mandatory for all contractors to come in thru front gate only or risk losing their access.",
    //         "A resident asked if the fence at Medina gate will be changed for the new development of Monte Vista.",
    //         "A resident asked that the fertilizer used in the Dog Park be without the chemicals that are a hazard to dogs.",
    //         "A Resident asked that management notify residents in the event of a problem with the heaters in the pool. Heaters have not been working for 2 weeks and nothing was said until this week.",
    //         "A resident brought up the issue of rent charges changing every month. This is an issue for management and not something the Board can help with.",
    //         "A Resident brought up the issue again about employees at the front desk being rude.",
    //         "All new issues will be brought before Management.",
    //         "The meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "January 3rd, 2019",
    //     submittedBy: ""
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "01-2019",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "January",
    //         day: "3rd",
    //         year: "2019"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "President Ken Sime called the meeting to order and in the absence of the Secretary, Sharon Hauser, read the minutes of the previous meeting.",
    //         "Minutes were approved and accepted.",
    //         "In the absence of the Treasurer, Maria Renda, the President reported a balance of $296.77with no additional income or expenses leaving a balance of $296.77 on December 31, 2018. The Treasurer’s report was approved and accepted.",
    //         "Second VP Tom Belson reported on AAHMO and recommended that all residents join at AAHMO.org. He encouraged residents to provide email addresses to receive notices of meetings and have access to the website LPGRA.org."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "President Sime reported on the Board’s meeting with Management (Karen Hokenson) on December 13, 2018.  The suggestions made by residents at the last meeting were presented.",
    //         "No flyers would be provided for new residents, but the rules for the recycling and disposal would be put in writing.",
    //         "The issue of contractors using the front gate only is difficult to enforce even though it has been in effect for many years.  They are informed by the guards when they enter.  Unfortunately, some have been given clickers by residents over the years.  It was suggested by a resident that when homes are sold in LPG the clickers be deactivated.",
    //         "As to the fence height at Medina, Karen stated that it would not be changed.  A resident brought up that there would be a guard shack by Monte Vista and that may keep folks out.  It was noted that the gate was very slow at that point and many cars can slip through easily.",
    //         "On the matter of the fertilizer used in the dog park, Karen assured the Board that it was pet friendly.",
    //         "On the matter of pool heaters, Karen stated that notice was sent out to residents and repairs were made as soon as possible.  She stated that this was the standard procedure when repairs were necessary.  A resident suggested that signs e posted on pool gates when the heaters are not working.  Not all residents have email and there is no way to communicate with everyone.",
    //         "Questions by residents regarding monthly rent charges should be referred to the office and not brought to the Board.",
    //         "Rude front desk employees were brought to Karen’s attention.  She assured the Board that previously rude employees had been fired and current employees are not rude.",
    //         "A resident noted that the employees seem to hide behind their computers when residents approach the window.  It was suggested that an employee be assigned to the window specifically."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "It was asked whether residents are required to call the guards to let them know when someone was expected.  President Sime informed the group that when you are expecting contractors and friends it is important to call and let the guards know.  While the guards get information from visitors, it would be more helpful to have passes for those regular visitors.",
    //         "There was some additional discussion regarding contractors, handymen & landscapers and their dumping of debris.",
    //         "A resident asked if LPG would allow individual recycling containers and was told that there is no place to store another trash container.  There would also be additional charges from City of Mesa.  The Board was asked if a representative from the Mesa recycling program could come and address residents about the rules and was informed that the current recycling was with a private contractor not the City.",
    //         "Pauline Werner reported that the next G.A.I.N. potluck will be held on Tuesday, January 8 at 6:00 pm in the Ballroom."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "Several residents asked if the next meeting could begin earlier than 10 a.m.  Some suggested “immediately following Java Tyme” at 9:30 a.m.  President Sime will bring this up to the Activities office.",
    //         'A resident thanked the Board for its work, stating that some of the issues discussed are “unsolvable problems."',
    //         "All new issues brought up at this meeting will be presented to Management.",
    //         "The meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "February 7th, 2019",
    //     submittedBy: "Margaret Jacoby for Sharon Hauser, Secretary"
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "02-2019",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "February",
    //         day: "7th",
    //         year: "2019"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "President Ken Sime called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
    //         "Minute were read by Sec. Sharon Hauser. Minutes were read and accepted.",
    //         "In the absence of Treas. Ken reported an ending balance of $296.77 with no additional income or expenses.",
    //         "2nd VP Tom Belson reported that the final meeting AAHMO of District 1 will be held this Sat. and that the annual final meeting to be Feb. 23 from 9 to 12."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "Residents are asked to call Front Gate to report visitors and repairmen.",
    //         "There will be no recycling bins in the future. It was reported that it is too costly to issue each resident their own recycling bins. The Board was told by Karen that after Feb. 1 the bins would be removed. It was reported that contrary to belief the large bin will accept anything. Residents were encouraged to go to Palmas Del Sol or to the city of Mesa to recycle.",
    //         "It was reported that only 3 landscapers are allowed to empty their trailers at Las Palmas Grand. Point of Order was called at this time.",
    //         "Pauline Werner had nothing new to report on G.A.I.N.",
    //         "Speeders in the park continue to be a problem with no solution."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "It was reported by a resident that election for new board members is coming up in October and requested that a notice be sent to all residents to make them aware. Anyone who would like to become a Board member is asked to contact, Sec. Sharon Hauser."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "A resident requested that we have a sound system for our meetings as it was difficult to hear in the back of the room. Ken reported that we have access to it and will make sure it is available at the next meeting.",
    //         "It was reported that the Thesman buses are used for other areas and not just LPG.",
    //         "All new issues brought up at this meeting will be presented to management.",
    //         "Meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "March 7th, 2019",
    //     submittedBy: ""
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "03-2019",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "March",
    //         day: "7th",
    //         year: "2019"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "Margaret Jacoby called the meeting to order in the absence of Pres. Ken Sime.",
    //         "Minute were read by Sec. Sharon Hauser and accepted."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "Margaret reviewed issues discussed with Karen in our Board meeting with her.",
    //         "Karen reported that white lines will be painted at stop signs.",
    //         "There are 2 new computers in the computer area, the interior of the club house will be painted, and there will be new furniture for the pool area, Street signs will be repainted or updated.",
    //         "Residents are encouraged to get 2019 stickers and passes for visitors.",
    //         "Street signs will be repainted or updated.",
    //         "It was asked if anyone has an interest in becoming a Board member to contact Sharon Hauser. We should all be eager to serve our community."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "A notice of our regular meetings will be posted on our Face book page."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "A resident reported that Bocce ball have permission to play 5 days a week now and hopefully astro turf will be installed soon.",
    //         "A resident raised the issue of mail being delivered to wrong address. Residents are encouraged to use the # pound sign when giving their address. Some computers will sometimes omit the last number.",
    //         "It was asked when large hole on Augusta will be repaired and were told that the dirt has to completely dry out before repairs can be completed.",
    //         "The issue of speed bumps came up. Due to liability issues they cannot be installed. Residents are asked to watch their speed.",
    //         "A resident reported that cars are not yielding to turning vehicles who do not have a stop sign.",
    //         "It was reported that it would be nice to have fire pits installed in pool area.",
    //         "It was asked where the money in the Treasury came from. Residents are asked for suggestions to raise more money and ways to spend it so more residents participate in our meetings. Some suggestions were a fee to join Residents Assoc., spaghetti dinners and pancake breakfasts. It was reported that Pickle ball players pay a yearly fee.  It was suggested that the Board have a yearly Budget. The Board will take all suggestions under consideration.",
    //         "All new issues brought up at this meeting will be presented to management.",
    //         "Meeting was adjourned."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "",
    //     submittedBy: ""
    // },
    // {
    //     id: "10-2019",
    //     date: {
    //         month: "October",
    //         day: "3rd",
    //         year: "2019"
    //     },
    //     intro: [
    //         "First Vice President Margaret Jacoby called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
    //         "In the absence of a Secretary, Sharon Hauser read the minutes of the previous meeting.  Minutes were approved and accepted.",
    //         "The Treasurer, Maria Renda reported a previous balance of $296.77with a deposit of $34.63, leaving a balance of $304.40. The Treasurer’s report was approved and accepted."
    //     ],
    //     oldBusiness: [
    //         "Ms. Jacoby stated that since the President had moved from LPG, he left no report for Old Business.  However, the following items were noted:",
    //         "Notices of LPGRA Meetings are being posted on the LPG Facebook page.",
    //         "New street signage has been ordered according to the Park Manager, Karen Hokeson, although we don’t know when they will be installed."
    //     ],
    //     newBusiness: [
    //         "Ms. Jacoby informed the residents that elections for a new Board of Directors is scheduled during the Annual Meeting to be held November 21, 2019.  There are five positions open for election at this time, but those five positions will be staggered terms – 2 will be elected for a two-year term and 3 will be elected for a one-year term.  Then in 2020, there will be 3 positions open for election to two-year terms each.  Subsequently, all positions will rotate on two-year cycles.",
    //         "She explained the process for nominations noting that all residents/ homeowners are eligible to stand for election as well as to vote in the election.  She then noted that at this time there are six candidates, but nominations are open until November 20th, and made available the packets to be filed by the nominees.",
    //         "The current candidates are:",
    //         "Margaret Jacoby – Dave Eason – Sharon Hauser – Walt Smiles – Tom Belsan and Marie Renda.  Candidates present were introduced and gave a short talk on their reasons for standing for election."
    //     ],
    //     residentComments: [
    //         "At this point, Ms. Jacoby introduced a new “LPGRA Request/Concern form that should be used by residents who want to bring a particular situation to the attention of the Board.  She indicated that the forms will be posted on the website (www.lpgra.org) or available by contacting any member of the Board.  Copies were available for pick up following the meeting.",
    //         "A resident asked if the forms were only for concerns or could they be used for compliments.  Ms. Jacoby said the form would be revised to include any compliment a resident would want to express. The new form will be posted on the website.",
    //         "Ms. Jacoby asked for other questions or comments and hearing none, she asked for a motion to adjourn.  Motion made and the meeting was adjourned.",
    //         "All new issues brought up at this meeting will be presented to LPG Management."
    //     ],
    //     nextMeeting: "November 21st, 2019",
    //     submittedBy: "Margaret Jacoby - 1st VP"
    // },
    {
        id: "03-2020",
        date: {
            month: "March",
            day: "5th",
            year: "2020"
        },
        intro: [
            "President Margaret Jacoby called the meeting to order with the Pledge of Allegiance.",
            "Members Present: Margaret Jacoby, Dave Eason, Sharon Hauser, Walt Smiles, Peggy Marcone.",
            "Sharon Hauser read a short motivational/inspirational” message.",
            "The minutes of the February 6, 2020 meeting are posted on the website and sent to lpgra.org email list.  Motion to accept as posted was made, seconded and adopted.",
            "Officer Dawn Blake was a guest speaker.  She addressed some major issues that might affect residents of LPG.  The one category she stressed was that of scams.  Some of the major points were:",
            "Give no information to anyone that calls you no matter who they say they are unless you had previously initiated the call for a specific purpose.",
            "It is tax return season; the scammers are working very hard to get as much of that money as they can.",
            "Any caller that requests that you pay them using gift cards is a scammer.  No organization, whether a business, charity or a government office would never request gift cards.",
            "Fake charities are popping up especially with the Coronavirus flooding the news.  If you want to donate to a charity, do your homework and research the charity on your own first.  Do not let yourself be duped by a phone call.",
            "Beware of emotional trickery – such as saying the caller is a grandchild or some other family member that needs your financial help due to an emergency.",
            "Officer Blake also informed everyone of the correct phone numbers to use:  911 is ONLY for fire, crime IN PROGRESS, or a medical emergency.  The non-emergency number is 480-644-2211.  Use that for a crime that has already occurred and is no longer an emergency.",
            "Another helpful bit on information Officer Blake provided was that the MPD parking lot is an exchange parking lot that anyone in LPG can use if selling items and need to meet with the buyer.  She also stated that there will be an upcoming open house soon and that an email would go out to inform everyone of the date. She was very happy to say that with the new Police Chief coming in, there are going to be more officers hired.  The Superstition Mountain division (that is the division LGP is in) is going to be divided and the new officers will be added to facilitate the split.  She was not sure how soon that will happen.",
            "Margaret thanked Officer Blake for her informative talk and returned to the agenda.",
            "Treasurer Walt Smiles gave the Treasurers report.  He reported that last month LPGRA added $46.00 to the account as a result of the 50/50 raffle.  The current total balance is $350.40.  Motion was made to accept as presented, seconded and adopted."
        ],
        oldBusiness: [
            "Margaret referred to the “Open Items” list of concerns addressed with management.  She asked Dave Eason to address the stop signs and white lines.",
            "Dave explained the current status of the traffic signs the LPGRA has requested.  He explained that the Board submitted primary and secondary recommendations.  The primary recommendations for stop signs and white lines are:",
            "Grand Ave after entering the main gate and before you get to the first crosswalk.  Todd is checking to see if the sign could be moved up to coincide with the crosswalk and if not, then a white line painted on the road where the current stop sign is located.",
            "Clubhouse Drive West and Palm Circle – recommending a stop sign be added for westbound traffic and also white lines at each of the stop signs at that intersection",
            "At 3rd and 4th street intersections with Inverness.  Recommending white lines placed on both the East and West sides of those streets.  The stop signs locations are difficult to see due to placement or bushes.",
            "The secondary recommendations are:",
            "7th and Juniper Hills – white lines",
            "13th and Clubhouse Drive South – white line",
            "2nd and Clubhouse Drive – white line",
            "Margaret informed everyone that at our meeting with Management in February, Todd Lutz told us that he would counsel his maintenance crews about speeding within the community.  If there continues to be a problem, he will have governors placed on the utility carts so the maximum speed would be 15 mph.",
            "Green Waste – The large waste container is for LANDSCAPE waste ONLY.  It can be used by residents and the vendors residents contract with for yard maintenance only.  Todd Lutz is having cameras installed and possibly code readers if the problem continues.  Officer Blake informed us that American Furniture on Power Road will accept boxes as long as they are broken down.  American Furniture must be called first to let them know you are coming.",
            "ARB approval requests should be given to Karen.  Major projects like room additions may take up to 4-6 weeks for approval.  Projects like roofing and landscaping can be approved by Karen in a much shorter period of time.  If the work has been approved the resident will also receive a yellow card that must be placed in a front window of the home while the work is being completed.  You must turn in the yellow card when the job is completed so an inspection can be made.  A request was made to make the ARB forms more accessible.  Margaret will have them added as a download on the LPGRA website.",
            "The request for a bench on 1st Street has been approved and it will be installed as soon as it has been delivered.",
            "Bike Racks.  Todd said he will inspect the bike racks to see if there is a problem with the stability of the rack or if it may be the bikes themselves.  They really do not want to install them permanently as they need to move them at times for lawn work or activities going on in those areas.",
            "Cost of the Directory – We do not have an answer yet about the $4.00 cost after the 31st of March and will find out the response next week at our meeting with management.  The cost of the directory would be at least $10.00 if we did not have the advertisements in them.  Karen felt that that much of a cost would possibly deter people from purchasing them at all.  Margaret also informed everyone that the advertisers were not given any information about any resident within the community.  They have no access to the directory.",
            "Guest passes – Margaret explained the reasons behind no longer having the passes available as they were in the past.  There were over 2000 given out in 2019 and management found them being used improperly when family members would give them to friends to use the facilities here.  It was a big problem so management had to act accordingly.",
            "Basketball hoop -   It had some safety issues with broken bolts so Maintenance lowered the pole to the ground until the replacement parts were installed.  The work has been completed and the basketball hoop is fully functional again.",
            "New Personnel – Karen is working with her employees to try to improve attitudes and work habits.  Our request is for better PR when new staff is hired in the front.",
            "Margaret informed everyone of Todd Lutz’s comments at our meeting in February.  He is very pleased to be included in the monthly meeting and wants to be able to work with us to make sure LPG is truly the best place to live."
        ],
        newBusiness: [
            "There were no updates from the Communications Committee.",
            "We are still looking for volunteers to help Tom Belsan with the website so he can leave it in someone else’s care.  He wants to transition out of that position and will help train anyone interested.",
            "Neighborhood Watch had a report from Cal Anweiler.  He advised that the MPD building on Stephen Pollard Ave has a receptacle available just inside the door for disposal of any medications that you may have that are no longer needed or out of date.  They do not accept needles or any liquids but will take all other prescriptions.  No questions asked, you just drop them in the receptacle.  He also spoke about the Coronavirus and advise everyone present that the best way to deal with the threat is to wash your hands, keep your fingers away from your face and stay home if you are not feeling well at all."
        ],
        residentComments: [
            "Margaret opened the floor for questions and comments but there were none.",
            "50/50 drawing was done.  A total of $36 was collected.  $18 to the winner and $18 to LPGRA.",
            "Motion was made to adjourn."
        ],
        nextMeeting: "April 2nd, 2020 (immediately after Java Tyme)",
        submittedBy: "Peggy Marcone, Secretary"
    }
]

export default MinutesData;